Add `The Followpoint: Motion, the Ultimate Catcher` news post (#11916)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2024/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher.md

---
layout: post
title: "The Followpoint: Motion, the Ultimate Catcher"
date: 2024-08-12 17:00:00 +0000
series: The Followpoint
---

The Followpoint is back with another interview! Learn more about Motion and his opinions as a true master of osu!catch game mode.

![](/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/banner.jpg)

> Welcome or welcome back to The Followpoint, a series where we interview various community figures and players! This time we interviewed [Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626), a player who has mastered osu!catch to the point where he managed to take #1 rank from [YesMyDarknesss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4158549), who had it for over 3 years!

Author: ```suggestion
Welcome or welcome back to The Followpoint, a series where we interview various community figures and players! This time we interviewed [Motion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626), a player who has mastered osu!catch to the point where he just recently managed to end [YesMyDarknesss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4158549)' 3-year reign as rank #1!
```

    }

    .news-chat-quote__text-container {
        margin-left: 50px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__username {
        font-weight: 600;
        margin-bottom: 2px;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-lvd {
        color: #FFD1DC;
    }

    .news-chat-quote__colour-no-group {
        color: #FFFFFF;
    }
</style>

<div class="news-chat-quote__text-container">

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Hi Motion, let's start with an introduction, how would you introduce yourself to people who don't know you?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> Hello everyone, my name is Motion, I've played ctb for a decade and hit #1 recently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hello everyone, my name is Motion, I've played osu!catch for a decade and hit #1 recently.
```

Author: Personally don't see an issue here, especially because it's their answer

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Why did you choose to play osu!catch of all game modes osu! has to offer? And was it your first game mode? Since you are also really good at osu!mania.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

Actually, my first game mode was neither osu!catch nor osu!mania. But one of the main reasons why I tried and eventually fell in love with osu!catch was [ExGon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/214187) who had been dominating for a long time - who is still the greatest of all time for us.

> After watching his plays on both osu! and youtube, I naturally tried that game mode and it ended up being my main game mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After watching his plays on both osu! and YouTube, I naturally tried that game mode and it ended up being my main game mode.
```

> As for osu!mania, I will go into detail in a later question, but I was already playing a game called O2jam before I started to play osu!.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As for osu!mania, I will go into detail in a later question, but I was already playing a game called O2Jam before I started to play osu!.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Following up on my previous question, one of community members wants to know what's your secret to being so good at osu!mania, while not having much playtime in it?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> As I already mentioned in the previous question, I've played O2jam since 2006 so I was already used to playing VSRG-style games like O2jam and osu!mania. As a result I was able to adapt quickly to osu!mania without much playtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As I already mentioned in the previous question, I've played O2Jam since 2006 so I was already used to playing VSRG-style games like O2Jam and osu!mania. As a result I was able to adapt quickly to osu!mania without much playtime.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

What other rhythm games do you play (or have played), and do you think playing them helped you in becoming better at osu!catch?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> I used to play O2jam, DJMAX, EZ2AC, SDVX, and I actually do think playing them helped me a lot in becoming better at speed, precision and stamina for osu!catch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I used to play O2Jam, DJMAX, EZ2AC, SDVX, and I actually do think playing them helped me a lot in becoming better at speed, precision and stamina for osu!catch.
```

First of all, I'm so honored and glad that I am considered that kind of person! :)

I would say that most people in the community, including top players are chill and cool people, everyone is approachable and easy to have interactions with. I bet it will be easy to interact with us and melt into our community.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Do you have any advice that you'd like to give players that want to or just started playing osu!catch?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> I think it would be better to check for [YesMyDarknesss’s interview](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-28-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-master-of-osu-catch) because it was such a neat answer that there's not much to say for me. He's definitely a better fruit teacher than I am :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I think it would be better to check for [YesMyDarknesss’ interview](https://osu.ppy.sh/home/news/2024-05-28-the-followpoint-yesmydarknesss-the-master-of-osu-catch) because it was such a neat answer that there's not much to say for me. He's definitely a better fruit teacher than I am :)
```

Shout out to my man <3

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Is there anything specific that keeps you motivated even after years of playing, and what do you think is the most important to not lose that motivation, even when you are not improving?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

In my opinion, focusing on enjoying *playing osu!catch* itself actually has been keeping me motivated.

> For example let's say I've reached to the point where I'm not improving and slowly get demotivated, then I still keep trying to play the maps which are easy or which have the song I like to listen to. 
> The more you push yourself - the more stressed you'll get, so don't be discouraged even if you are not improving. It's good mentally to relax yourself by playing easy stuff and enjoying it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example let's say I've reached the point where I'm not improving and slowly get demotivated, then I still keep trying to play the maps which are easy or which have the song I like listening to.

The more you push yourself, the more stressed you'll get, so don't be discouraged even if you are not improving. It's good mentally to relax yourself by playing easy stuff and enjoying it.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

As someone who was playing osu!catch for a long period of time, where do you see this game mode in the future? What do you feel may change?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> In osu!catch, the players in the top 50 hardly change over the years, because more and more people go inactive while there is a small inflow of new papers to form a new generation. This is saddening, but if this continues further, I don't think I see a good future for osu!catch T_T

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In osu!catch, the players in the top 50 hardly change over the years, because more and more people go inactive while there is a small inflow of new papers to form a new generation. This is saddening, but if this continues further, I don't think I see a good future for osu!catch T_T

```

Fortunately there's actually been more and more players from the other game modes trying osu!catch recently and I'm looking forward to this leading to a good outlook and future hopefully.

> I genuinely think osu!catch is really attractive and has discriminated its style and gameplay out of the most rhythm games. 

Reviewer 2: unnatural word choice again

i'm *fairly* certain this is what they meant

```suggestion
I genuinely think osu!catch is really attractive and has distinguished its style and gameplay beyond most other rhythm games.

```

with "discriminate" you'd think they meant this, but i find it unlikely

```suggestion
I genuinely think osu!catch is really attractive, but has been discriminated for its style and gameplay by most other rhythm games.

```

So I do recommend you guys to try this game mode out and hopefully get into it.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Who or what was (or still is) your main inspiration to become better at this game mode?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> [ExGon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/214187) was for sure my main inspiration for a long time (and still is).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[ExGon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/214187) was for sure my main inspiration for a long time (and still is).

```

And my current one would be [ArMa79](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4982799) and [Dahcreeper](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6926006). They are definitely the ones who helped me become better and let me go further by competing with me and pushing my limits.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Have you ever sustained an injury of a finger, wrist or another part of your hand during your journey? If so, how did you manage to deal with it?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> Looking back on the last 10 years, luckily not once have I had to take a long break or even quit playing because of serious injuries. But I sometimes suffer from mild pain in my fingers or wrists after a really long session. All I do is just take a small break for a day or even a few days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Looking back on the last 10 years, luckily not once have i had to take a long break or even quit playing because of serious injuries. But I sometimes suffer from mild pain in my fingers or wrists after a really long session. All I do is just take a small break for a day or even a few days.
```

Author: ?????

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

How do you feel after taking the #1 rank from [YesMyDarknesss](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4158549), who had it for a huge while?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> It felt unreal when I had overtaken him, because when he had been dominating ctb for the last three years, I thought there was no chance for me to take it from him. But eventually I made it happen and I'm really happy for this. Never Give Up!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It felt unreal when I had overtaken him, because when he had been dominating osu!catch for the last three years, I thought there was no chance for me to take it from him. But eventually I made it happen and I'm really happy for this. Never Give Up!
```

Author: Same as in https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/11916#discussion_r1706447553

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> Now that you've reached #1 rank in osu!catch, do you have any other goals in mind? Is there anything else you'd like to achieve now, be that for example an SS on a hard map, or maybe even 2000pp score?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now that you've reached #1 rank in osu!catch, do you have any other goals in mind? Is there anything else you'd like to achieve now, be that for example an SS on a hard map, or maybe even 2000 pp score?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

Unfortunately, any specific goals don't come to my mind right now. but I will keep pushing myself to set any crazy scores!

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> And before we finish, let me ask you some bonus questions, starting with the classic one: What plays, be they yours or someone else’s, you find the most impressive? If we pick one of yours, which one are you the most proud of?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And before we finish, let me ask you some bonus questions, starting with the classic one: What plays, be they yours or someone else's, do you find the most impressive? If we pick one of yours, which one are you the most proud of?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

If I were to pick the most impressive score, it would be probably ["Oracion(TV-Size) [Crystal's Rain]" +HDDTHR](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/fruits/173627724) played by [ExGon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/214187), because high approach rate (mostly AR10.5~11) in osu!catch is really tricky and difficult skillset to master.

> Also there are a few candidates that are coming to my mind, but if I have to pick one of them, it will be ["Sendan Life (katagiri Bootleg) [World End.]"](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/fruits/214502143) without a doubt, because this map literally requires most of skillsets which are "consistency", "speed", "stamina" and also to quote ExGon, [“probably the best nomod score for ctb maps, no one will be able to get close for a while”](https://twitter.com/ExG0n/status/1713871203314868578). So I do believe this is enough to be picked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also there are a few candidates that are coming to my mind, but if I have to pick one of them, it will be ["Sendan Life (katagiri Bootleg) [World End.]"](https://osu.ppy.sh/scores/fruits/214502143) without a doubt, because this map literally requires most of skillsets which are "consistency", "speed", "stamina" and also to quote ExGon, [“probably the best nomod score for osu!catch maps, no one will be able to get close for a while”](https://twitter.com/ExG0n/status/1713871203314868578). So I do believe this is enough to be picked.
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

If there's a part in a map that you struggle to get consistent on, how would you practice it to eventually pass it easily?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> Although I think most players already have been trying that, actually making/editing cut difficulty and playing it (sometimes even with Half Time) would be helpful for getting consistent. However, I would never recommend to spam retry a map because there's a really huge chance to get mindblocked and I've actually seen some players suffer from mind-block for years.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Although I think most players already have been trying that, actually making/editing cut difficulties and playing them (sometimes even with Half Time) would be helpful for getting consistent. However, I would never recommend to spam retry a map because there's a really huge chance to get mindblocked and I've actually seen some players suffer from mindblock for years.
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

If you could choose any osu! player, who would you want to meet IRL the most, and why?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

There are so many osu! players who I really want to meet IRL, but if I have to choose one of them then it would definitely be [ExGon](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/214187), because he's the one who got me into osu!catch - my inspiration and my idol.

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> What do you think about the first 2000pp score? When will it happen? Will you do it or we have to wait for the next prodigy?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
What do you think about the first 2000 pp score? When will it happen? Will you do it or we have to wait for the next prodigy?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

If someone is willing to make a free 2000pp map, please contact me I will do it (I'm kidding XD).

> But jokes aside, even if I do believe in our catch players and anything is possible, I do find it less likely to happen in our generation. We might have to wait for the actual next prodigy who's better than us. But we will see!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But jokes aside, even if I do believe in our osu!catch players and anything is possible, I do find it less likely to happen in our generation. We might have to wait for the actual next prodigy who's better than us. But we will see!
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

To finish things up, what does the future hold for you? Do you have anything else that you'd like to mention?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> Above all, I really would like to thank everyone who has continued to support me and been by my side - I greatly appreciate it. It was all about everyone's support for me to be able to make it happen!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Above all, I really would like to thank everyone who has continued to support me and been by my side - I greatly appreciate it. It was all about everyone's support for me to be able to make it happen!

```

Also if you haven't tried to play osu!catch yet, I hope you can give it a try through this interview.

> In closing, thanks for giving me the opportunity to have this great content on The Followpoint! 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To close off, thanks for giving me the opportunity to have this great content on The Followpoint! 
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

It felt unreal when I had overtaken him, because when he had been dominating ctb for the last three years, I thought there was no chance for me to take it from him. But eventually [I made it happen](https://twitter.com/MotionCTB/status/1814940760183349353) and I'm really happy for this. Never Give Up!

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

What was the first thing you did after achieving rank #1?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

> Immediately after achieving rank #1, I had a lot of mixed emotions like happiness and being emotional. After that, I just wanted to get drunk with happiness, so I went to the mart to buy a lof of beer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Immediately after achieving rank #1, I had a lot of mixed emotions like happiness and being emotional. After that, I just wanted to get drunk with happiness, so I went to the mart to buy a lot of beer. 
```

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

Now that you've reached #1 rank in osu!catch, do you have any other goals in mind? Is there anything else you'd like to achieve now, be that for example an SS on a hard map, or maybe even 2000 pp score?

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

Unfortunately, any specific goals don't come to my mind right now. but I will keep pushing myself to set any crazy scores!

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-MegaMix.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-lvd" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/18152711">MegaMix</a></p>

> If you were to start as a new player now, would you play converts as much as you played them when you started osu!catch in its early days? Why/Why not?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you were to start as a new player now, would you play converts as much as you played them when you started osu!catch in its early days? Why/why not?
```

<a class="avatar news-chat-quote__avatar" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626" style="background-image: url('/wiki/shared/news/2024-08-12-the-followpoint-motion-the-ultimate-catcher/avatar-Motion.jpg')"></a>

<p class="news-chat-quote__username"><a class="news-chat-quote__colour-no-group" href="https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3885626">Motion</a></p>

Yes, I think I still would play converts as much as I played them in the earlier days of osu!catch. The main reasoning being that there are many skillsets that converts provide that are essential to becoming a better player in the long run. 

> Not only that though, osu!catch converts as a whole do not suffer from the same issues mania and taiko do, they are more fun, there is more to gain from them and there are even patterns that are so special they wind up being added to specifics as the mapping community has grown. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Not only that though, osu!catch converts as a whole do not suffer from the same issues mania and taiko do. They are more fun, there is more to gain from them and there are even patterns that are so special they wind up being added to specifics as the mapping community has grown. 
```

> My main doubt although is if I'd enjoy converts now nearly as much as I did in the past. My reasonings for this doubt are that modern converts have become less and less playable due to the fact they feature many impossible to SS patterns or messy patterns that aren't possible to hit (High SV issues, slider spam becoming a mess, etc.). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
My main doubt although is if I'd enjoy converts now nearly as much as I did in the past. My reasonings for this doubt are that modern converts have become less and less playable due to the fact they feature many impossible to SS patterns or messy patterns that aren't possible to hit (high SV issues, slider spam becoming a mess, etc.). 
```
